feature: feature flagging docs (#9543)
artsy/force: docs/feature_flagging.md

### Feature Flagging

#### Step 1

Create you feature toggle at https://unleash.artsy.net and enable it the desired environments.

#### Step 2

To use feature flagging, simply import the useFeatureFlagging method and pass in the name of the feature toggle you created in step 1. This will enabled you to conditionally render your new feature.

```tsx
import { useFeatureFlag } from 'v2/System/useFeatureFlag'

function MyComponent({ props }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Hello</h1>

>         {useFeatureFlag('extra-greeting') &&

Reviewer: We should avoid inlining hooks in JSX and always keep them at the top of the function because if theres any logic it before this point it will violate [the rules of hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-rules.html).

### Feature Flagging

#### Step 1

> Create you feature toggle at https://unleash.artsy.net and enable it in the desired environment(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create your feature toggle at https://unleash.artsy.net and enable it in the desired environment(s).
```

#### Step 2

> To use feature flagging, simply import the useFeatureFlagging method and pass in the name of the feature toggle you created in step 1. This will enabled you to conditionally render your new feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use feature flagging, simply import the useFeatureFlag method and pass in the name of the feature toggle you created in step 1. This will enable you to conditionally render your new feature.
```
